Replace ADMIN_USERNAME with ADMIN_USER in systemd and containerized i… (#183)
SUSE/doc-unversioned: trento/migration/systemd-install.md

## Accessing the trento-web UI

> Open a browser and navigate to `https://trento.example.com`. You should be able to login using the credentials you provided in the `ADMIN_USER` and `ADMIN_PASSWORD` environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a browser to navigate to `https://trento.example.com`, and log in using the credentials you specified in the `ADMIN_USER` and `ADMIN_PASSWORD` environment variables.
```
